Replace WPF tokens (#16479)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/navigation-overview.md

### Implementing a Page

In WPF, you can navigate to several content types that include .NET Framework objects, custom objects, enumeration values, user controls, [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_xaml](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-xaml-md.md)] files, and HTML files. However, you'll find that the most common and convenient way to package content is by using <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Page>. Furthermore, <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Page> implements navigation-specific features to enhance their appearance and simplify development.

Using <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Page>, you can declaratively implement a navigable page of [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_xaml](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-xaml-md.md)] content by using markup like the following.

[!code-xaml[NavigationOverviewSnippets#Page1XAML](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_Wpf/NavigationOverviewSnippets/CSharp/Page1.xaml#page1xaml)]

> A <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Page> that is implemented in [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_xaml](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-xaml-md.md)] markup has `Page` as its root element and requires the WPFXML namespace declaration. The `Page` element contains the content that you want to navigate to and display. You add content by setting the `Page.Content` property element, as shown in the following markup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Page> that is implemented in [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_xaml](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-xaml-md.md)] markup has `Page` as its root element and requires the WPF XML namespace declaration. The `Page` element contains the content that you want to navigate to and display. You add content by setting the `Page.Content` property element, as shown in the following markup.
```
